README.md, before:

# SID

The main purpose of SID is to seamlessly convert between a JSON-formatted string representation of an ID and its uint64 counterpart when interacting with a database.

## Installation

You can install SID using `go get`:

```bash
go get -u -v github.com/deloz/sid
```

## Usage

Here's a basic example of how to use SID:

```go
package main

import (
	"encoding/json"
	"fmt"

	"github.com/deloz/sid"
)

func main() {
	// Create a new ID
	id := sid.New(18283195028008204)

	// Print the ID as a string
	fmt.Println("ID:", id.String())

	// Check if the ID is zero
	fmt.Println("IsZero:", id.IsZero())

	// Marshal the ID to JSON
	jsonData, _ := json.Marshal(id)
	fmt.Println("JSON:", string(jsonData))

	// Unmarshal the ID from JSON
	var newID sid.ID
	_ = json.Unmarshal(jsonData, &newID)
	fmt.Println("Unmarshaled ID:", newID)
}
```

[[play](https://go.dev/play/p/Fie93MkAzmq)]

## Features

- Create IDs from uint64, int64, and string representations.
- Marshal and unmarshal IDs to/from JSON and text.
- Compare IDs.
- Sort slices of IDs.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find a bug or want to propose a new feature, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

SID is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

refactor: change ID type from uint64 to int64
Updated the ID type to use int64 instead of uint64 for better compatibility with larger values. Adjusted related functions and tests to reflect this change, including updates to JSON serialization and database scanning methods. Also, updated Go version in go.mod from 1.22.4 to 1.24.4.

README.md, after:

# SID

The main purpose of SID is to seamlessly convert between a JSON-formatted string representation of an ID and its int64 counterpart when interacting with a database.

## Installation

You can install SID using `go get`:

```bash
go get -u -v github.com/deloz/sid
```

## Usage

Here's a basic example of how to use SID:

```go
package main

import (
	"encoding/json"
	"fmt"

	"github.com/deloz/sid"
)

func main() {
	// Create a new ID
	id := sid.New(18283195028008204)

	// Print the ID as a string
	fmt.Println("ID:", id.String())

	// Check if the ID is zero
	fmt.Println("IsZero:", id.IsZero())

	// Marshal the ID to JSON
	jsonData, _ := json.Marshal(id)
	fmt.Println("JSON:", string(jsonData))

	// Unmarshal the ID from JSON
	var newID sid.ID
	_ = json.Unmarshal(jsonData, &newID)
	fmt.Println("Unmarshaled ID:", newID)
}
```

[[play](https://go.dev/play/p/Fie93MkAzmq)]

## Features

- Support creation of IDs from `uint64` (up to `math.MaxInt64`), `int64`, and numeric string representations.
- Implement JSON (de)serialization, comparison, and sorting for custom ID types in Go.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find a bug or want to propose a new feature, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

SID is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
